CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to metric_units reddit bot!

This document is a guideline to help our community run smoothly. If at any point you feel like these guidelines should be changed, please open a PR against this file with the proposed changes!

## Etiquette

- Be open and inclusive of everyone
- Help enforce these guidelines! Please direct people towards this page if you see anything questionable
- Keep issues and PRs on-topic. Please create a new issue for new topics

## Making an issue

- If you find a bug, have a question, or have a feature request, please [open an issue](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues/new)!
- Bug reports should contain a link to the reddit comment, or reproduction steps
- Issues will be tagged ["maintainer approved"](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22maintainer+approved%22) if they are ready to be coded

## Coding

### New to Github

- If you are new to github and would like to learn more, you can [check out this tutorial](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github) to get started!

### Finding something to work on

- You can find a ["help wanted" issue](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20) and leave a comment saying you would like to work on it
- If there are no open issues, you can come up with your own issue
- If you are working on something that you would like to submit back to the community, it **must be associated with an open issue**. This is necessary for transparency, so no efforts are duplicated and there are no crazy merge conflicts

### Working on an issue

- If you volunteer to fix an issue, you have 7 days to complete it. You are allowed to ask for an extension, but this rule is here to ensure issues do not go "stale"
- Feel free to ask any questions on your issue thread! Also, feel free to reply to other people's questions if you know the answer :)

### Making a PR

REQUIRED INFORMATION:
- If you are making a PR, you should already have an open issue assigned to you.
- Write "closes #{issue number}" in your PR description so the issue is linked and automatically closed upon merge
- Include a brief description of what the PR addresses
- All tests should be passing

OPTIONAL:
- You can talk about design decisions you made
- Include link to other relevant issues or PRs
- Add yourself to the contributors list (instructions below)

### Adding yourself to the contributors list (optional)

Do you want to be included in the awesome table at the bottom of the README?

- Run `npm install` if you haven't yet.
- Run the following command: `npm run all-contributors add your-github-username tag1,tag2` (tags can be: bug, code, doc, review, test, [and others](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key))
- The script will change the `README` and `.all-contributorsrc` files and create a commit. Be sure to include it with your PR.

You can also manually edit `.all-contributorsrc` and run `npm run all-contributors generate` to update the README. See [all-contributors-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/all-contributors-cli) for more details

## Collaborators

### Help, I've been added as a collaborator! What does that mean?

- We appreciate the time you have taken to get to know the project, and you have been given push access to the main repository
- You can choose your own role, and be as involved (or not involved) with the project as you want. You can (but are not limited to): answer questions, tag issues, review PRs, do nothing, etc.
- Feel empowered to make branches on the main repo, or push minor changes directly to master
- Don't stress about making mistakes, 'tis only a reddit bot ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ (and force-pushes are disabled on master, so what's the worst that can happen...)

### How do I become a collaborator?

- Show an interest in the project by contributing to code and/or discussions :)


This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Update instructions to add yourself as a contributor

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to metric_units reddit bot!

This document is a guideline to help our community run smoothly. If at any point you feel like these guidelines should be changed, please open a PR against this file with the proposed changes!

## Etiquette

- Be open and inclusive of everyone
- Help enforce these guidelines! Please direct people towards this page if you see anything questionable
- Keep issues and PRs on-topic. Please create a new issue for new topics

## Making an issue

- If you find a bug, have a question, or have a feature request, please [open an issue](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues/new)!
- Bug reports should contain a link to the reddit comment, or reproduction steps
- Issues will be tagged ["maintainer approved"](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22maintainer+approved%22) if they are ready to be coded

## Coding

### New to Github

- If you are new to github and would like to learn more, you can [check out this tutorial](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github) to get started!

### Finding something to work on

- You can find a ["help wanted" issue](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20) and leave a comment saying you would like to work on it
- If there are no open issues, you can come up with your own issue
- If you are working on something that you would like to submit back to the community, it **must be associated with an open issue**. This is necessary for transparency, so no efforts are duplicated and there are no crazy merge conflicts

### Working on an issue

- If you volunteer to fix an issue, you have 7 days to complete it. You are allowed to ask for an extension, but this rule is here to ensure issues do not go "stale"
- Feel free to ask any questions on your issue thread! Also, feel free to reply to other people's questions if you know the answer :)

### Making a PR

#### Required information
- If you are making a PR, you should already have an open issue assigned to you.
- Write "closes #{issue number}" in your PR description so the issue is linked and automatically closed upon merge
- Include a brief description of what the PR addresses
- All tests should be passing

#### Optional
- You can talk about the overall architecture changes or design decisions made in the PR
- Include link to other relevant issues or PRs
- Add yourself to the contributors list (instructions below)

### Adding yourself to the contributors list (optional)

Do you want to be included in the awesome table at the bottom of the [README](./README.md)?

#### For coders
- Run `npm install` if you haven't yet
- Run the following command: `npm run all-contributors add your-github-username tag1,tag2` (tags can be: code, test, doc, [and others](https://www.npmjs.com/package/all-contributors-cli))
- The script will change the `README` and `.all-contributorsrc` files and create a commit. Be sure to include it with your PR.

You can also manually edit `.all-contributorsrc` and run `npm run all-contributors generate` to update the README. See [all-contributors-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/all-contributors-cli) for more details

#### For non-coders
If you are having trouble following the above instructions, just let a collaborator know that you would like to be added ([and which contribution icons you want](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key))!


## Collaborators

### Help, I've been added as a collaborator! What does that mean?

- We appreciate the time you have taken to get to know the project, and you have been given push access to the main repository
- You can choose your own role, and be as involved (or not involved) with the project as you want. You can (but are not limited to): answer questions, tag issues, review PRs, do nothing, etc.
- Feel empowered to make branches on the main repo, or push minor changes directly to master
- Don't stress about making mistakes, 'tis only a reddit bot ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ (and force-pushes are disabled on master, so what's the worst that can happen...)

### How do I become a collaborator?

- Show an interest in the project by contributing to code and/or discussions :)


This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
