NEW-TO-OSS.md, before:

# New to Open Source Software

First time getting involved in OSS? We are glad you're here! :D

Whether you are a seasoned developer or completely new to programming, we want to welcome you to our friendly open source community! We hope you stick around! 

## Learn more
If you are new to OSS and github, you can [read this article](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) or [check out this video tutorial](http://makeapullrequest.com/) to see what it means to "Contribute to OSS".

## About this project
- Good first-timer stories will be tagged [`first timers only`](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20label%3A%22first%20timers%20only%22). These are made for people who have never contributed a PR to OSS
- Do not feel limited to the `first timers only` tag. You are encouraged to take on ["regular" issues](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20) as well
- Remember to comment on the issue saying that you would like to volunteer!
- Please read through the [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- We aim to be newbie-friedly, so let us know if anything is confusing and needs more documentation (or create a pull request yourself, filling in any missing documentation to help the next person!)
- We want to hear from you! Don't be shy to ask any questions about our process, or technical details
- When asking for help, be sure to include any relevant screenshots or error messages, along with what steps you have taken to try to fix the problem! This will help us understand what is going wrong, and what suggestions _not_ to give you, since you have already tried them ;)

## All contributions
Remember, contributing to OSS does not always mean code.  
This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Update documentation Add "what next" section to New to OSS document

NEW-TO-OSS.md, after:

# New to Open Source Software

First time getting involved in OSS? We are glad you're here! :D

Whether you are a seasoned developer or completely new to programming, we want to welcome you to our friendly open source community! We hope you stick around! 

## Learn more
If you are new to OSS and github, you can [read this article](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) or [check out this video tutorial](http://makeapullrequest.com/) to see what it means to "Contribute to OSS".

## About this project
- Good first-timer stories will be tagged [`first timers only`](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20label%3A%22first%20timers%20only%22). These are reserved for people who have never contributed a PR to OSS
- Do not feel limited to the `first timers only` tag. You are encouraged to take on [regular `help wanted` issues](https://github.com/cannawen/metric_units_reddit_bot/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22maintainer%20approved%22%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20) as well
- Remember to comment on the issue saying that you would like to volunteer!
- Please read through the [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- We aim to be newbie-friedly, so let us know if anything is confusing and needs more documentation (or create a pull request yourself, filling in any missing documentation to help the next person!)
- We want to hear from you! Don't be shy to ask any questions about our process, or technical details
- When asking for help, be sure to include any relevant screenshots or error messages, along with what steps you have taken to try to fix the problem! This will help us understand what is going wrong, and what suggestions _not_ to give you, since you have already tried them ;)

## After your first contribution
Congratulations! The Open Source world can be a scary and confusing place, but you made it! So what's next? You can:  
- Take on regular `help wanted` issues
- Answer questions that other first-timers have
- Write issues or create failing tests for other first-time contributors to complete
- Work on other open source projects

Whatever you choose, [great job](https://i.imgur.com/0OGBsQR.jpg), and we hope to see you around :) 

## All contributions
Remember, contributing to OSS does not always mean code.  
This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
