README.md, before:

What does the bot do?
---
The bot finds comments with imperial units, and replies with metric units.

There is a chance it will reply to certain triggers like "good bot" or "bad bot"

See `./test/converter-test.js` for what conversions are currently supported, and [see the Tracker for what's coming up](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2091572)


How does the code work?
---
This is a javascript app built with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/), and all of the app code is in directory `src`.

The app starts in `bot.js`, this file is responsible for repeatedly checking for new comments and replying to messages in an infinite loop. It uses the following modules:

`converter.js` is responsible taking a message, and deciding which imperial units should be converted to which metric units (if any).

`formatter.js` takes the conversions from above, and constructs a reply to the comment

`helper.js` exists so external dependencies can be easily mocked during test

`network.js` handles get, post, and OAuth network requests and parses the responses for easier consumption

`snark.js` creates snarky responses to certain trigger words


Running the code
---
Create a new reddit account (I would advise against linking bots to your main account, as it could get banned from certain subreddits).

Create a reddit `script` app through [your reddit preferences](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps). Use `http://localhost` as your redirect url, we don't need it. From there, you should be able to get your OAuth username (line underneath `personal use script`) and secret

Clone the code, and create a file `./private/environment.yaml` that looks like:
```
oauth-username: your-oauth-username
oauth-secret: your-oauth-secret
reddit-username: your-username-here
reddit-password: your-password-here
version: your-bot-version
```
run `./lib/deploy.sh` and you should have the bot up and running!


Running the tests
---
run `npm test`

Or, if you want the tests to automatically re-run when you save

run `./lib/watch.sh` (uses [fswatch](https://github.com/emcrisostomo/fswatch))


Git hooks
---
The pre-commit hook will run tests before each commit, and only allow passing code to be committed. It will also reject any code with console.log statements in them

To enable git hooks, copy the file from the `./hooks` directory into the `./.git/hooks` directory


Questions or Comments?
---
Feel free to message [on reddit](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=cannawen&subject=metric%20units%20bot&message=I%20think%20your%20bot%20is) or email (cannawen@gmail.com)


License
---
This source is distributed under GNU GPLv3

Pull requests or derivative works welcome... just please don't make an imperial_units_bot to spite me D:

Commit message:

Creating a dev-mode that prints out replies instead of posting

README.md, after:

What does the bot do?
---
The bot finds comments with imperial units, and replies with metric units.

There is a chance it will reply to certain triggers like "good bot" or "bad bot"

See `./test/converter-test.js` for what conversions are currently supported, and [see the Tracker for what's coming up](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2091572)


How does the code work?
---
This is a javascript app built with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/), and all of the app code is in directory `src`.

The app starts in `bot.js`, this file is responsible for repeatedly checking for new comments and replying to messages in an infinite loop. It uses the following modules:

`converter.js` is responsible taking a message, and deciding which imperial units should be converted to which metric units (if any).

`formatter.js` takes the conversions from above, and constructs a reply to the comment

`helper.js` exists so external dependencies can be easily mocked during test

`network.js` handles get, post, and OAuth network requests and parses the responses for easier consumption

`snark.js` creates snarky responses to certain trigger words


Running the code
---
Create a new reddit account (I would advise against linking bots to your main account, as it could get banned from certain subreddits).

Create a reddit `script` app through [your reddit preferences](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps). Use `http://localhost` as your redirect url, we don't need it. From there, you should be able to get your OAuth username (line underneath `personal use script`) and secret

Clone the code, and create a file `./private/environment.yaml` that looks like:
```
oauth-username: your-oauth-username
oauth-secret: your-oauth-secret
reddit-username: your-username-here
reddit-password: your-password-here
version: your-bot-version
dev-mode: false #true will print comment replies to console instead of posting
```
run `./lib/deploy.sh` and you should have the bot up and running!


Running the tests
---
run `npm test`

Or, if you want the tests to automatically re-run when you save

run `./lib/watch.sh` (uses [fswatch](https://github.com/emcrisostomo/fswatch))


Git hooks
---
The pre-commit hook will run tests before each commit, and only allow passing code to be committed. It will also reject any code with console.log statements in them

To enable git hooks, copy the file from the `./hooks` directory into the `./.git/hooks` directory


Questions or Comments?
---
Feel free to message [on reddit](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=cannawen&subject=metric%20units%20bot&message=I%20think%20your%20bot%20is) or email (cannawen@gmail.com)


License
---
This source is distributed under GNU GPLv3

Pull requests or derivative works welcome... just please don't make an imperial_units_bot to spite me D:
